when anyone offers a grain offering to
when anyone offers a grain offering to the Lord his offering shall be of fine
the Lord his offering shall be of fine
the Lord his offering shall be of fine flour and he shall pour oil on it and
flour and he shall pour oil on it and
flour and he shall pour oil on it and put frankincense on it he shall bring it
put frankincense on it he shall bring it
put frankincense on it he shall bring it to Aaron's sons the priests one of whom
to Aaron's sons the priests one of whom
to Aaron's sons the priests one of whom shall take from it his handful of fine
shall take from it his handful of fine
shall take from it his handful of fine flour and oil with all the frankincense
flour and oil with all the frankincense
flour and oil with all the frankincense and the priests shall burn it as a
and the priests shall burn it as a
and the priests shall burn it as a memorial on the altar an offering made
memorial on the altar an offering made
memorial on the altar an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord the
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord the
by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord the rest of the grain offering shall be
rest of the grain offering shall be
rest of the grain offering shall be Aaron's and his sons it is most holy of
Aaron's and his sons it is most holy of
Aaron's and his sons it is most holy of the offerings to the Lord made by fire
the offerings to the Lord made by fire
the offerings to the Lord made by fire and if you bring as an offering a grain
and if you bring as an offering a grain
and if you bring as an offering a grain offering baked in the oven
offering baked in the oven
offering baked in the oven it shall be unleavened cakes of fine
it shall be unleavened cakes of fine
it shall be unleavened cakes of fine flour mixed with oil or unleavened
flour mixed with oil or unleavened
flour mixed with oil or unleavened wafers anointed with oil but if your
wafers anointed with oil but if your
wafers anointed with oil but if your offering is a grain offering baked in a
offering is a grain offering baked in a
offering is a grain offering baked in a pan it shall be a fine flour unleavened
pan it shall be a fine flour unleavened
pan it shall be a fine flour unleavened mixed with oil you shall break it in
mixed with oil you shall break it in
mixed with oil you shall break it in pieces and pour oil on it it is a grain
pieces and pour oil on it it is a grain
pieces and pour oil on it it is a grain offering
offering
offering if your offering is a grain offering
if your offering is a grain offering
if your offering is a grain offering baked in a covered pan it shall be made
baked in a covered pan it shall be made
baked in a covered pan it shall be made of fine flour with oil you shall bring
of fine flour with oil you shall bring
of fine flour with oil you shall bring the grain offering that is made of these
the grain offering that is made of these
the grain offering that is made of these things to the Lord and when it is
things to the Lord and when it is
things to the Lord and when it is presented to the priest he shall bring
presented to the priest he shall bring
presented to the priest he shall bring it to the altar then the priest shall
it to the altar then the priest shall
it to the altar then the priest shall take from the grain offering a memorial
take from the grain offering a memorial
take from the grain offering a memorial portion and burn it on the altar it is
portion and burn it on the altar it is
portion and burn it on the altar it is an offering made by fire a sweet aroma
an offering made by fire a sweet aroma
an offering made by fire a sweet aroma to the Lord and what is left of the
to the Lord and what is left of the
to the Lord and what is left of the grain offering shall be Aaron's and his
grain offering shall be Aaron's and his
grain offering shall be Aaron's and his sons it is most holy of the offerings to
sons it is most holy of the offerings to
sons it is most holy of the offerings to the Lord made by fire no grain offering
the Lord made by fire no grain offering
the Lord made by fire no grain offering which you bring to the Lord shall be
which you bring to the Lord shall be
which you bring to the Lord shall be made with leaven for you shall burn no
made with leaven for you shall burn no
made with leaven for you shall burn no leaven nor any honey in any offering to
leaven nor any honey in any offering to
leaven nor any honey in any offering to the Lord made by fire as for the
the Lord made by fire as for the
the Lord made by fire as for the offering of the firstfruits you shall
offering of the firstfruits you shall
offering of the firstfruits you shall offer them to the Lord but they shall
offer them to the Lord but they shall
offer them to the Lord but they shall not be burned on the altar for a sweet
not be burned on the altar for a sweet
not be burned on the altar for a sweet aroma and every offering of your grain
aroma and every offering of your grain
aroma and every offering of your grain offering you shall season with salt
offering you shall season with salt
offering you shall season with salt you shall not allow the salt of the
you shall not allow the salt of the
you shall not allow the salt of the Covenant of your God to be lacking from
Covenant of your God to be lacking from
Covenant of your God to be lacking from your grain offering with all your
your grain offering with all your
your grain offering with all your offerings you shall offer salt if you
offerings you shall offer salt if you
offerings you shall offer salt if you offer a grain offering of your
offer a grain offering of your
offer a grain offering of your firstfruits to the Lord you shall offer
firstfruits to the Lord you shall offer
firstfruits to the Lord you shall offer for the grain offering of your
for the grain offering of your
for the grain offering of your firstfruits green heads of grain roasted
firstfruits green heads of grain roasted
firstfruits green heads of grain roasted on the fire grain beaten from full heads
on the fire grain beaten from full heads
on the fire grain beaten from full heads and you shall put oil on it and lay
and you shall put oil on it and lay
and you shall put oil on it and lay frankincense on it it is a grain
frankincense on it it is a grain
frankincense on it it is a grain offering then the priests shall burn the
offering then the priests shall burn the
offering then the priests shall burn the memorial portion part of its beaten
memorial portion part of its beaten
memorial portion part of its beaten grain and part of its oil with all the
grain and part of its oil with all the
grain and part of its oil with all the frankincense as an offering made by fire
frankincense as an offering made by fire
frankincense as an offering made by fire to the Lord